Jiang Zhen, President of the White Tiger Association
Vow to defend the Covenant 36 to the death
Do you believe me now?
What, are you taunting me?
Taunt me for being blind
Can't you see the real dragon in Zhangye?
I didn't mean that, so what do you mean?
Since you are so capable
Why didn't you help Chenchen earlier?
What do you mean by hiding mine like this?
Are you blaming me?
What I told you before
Did you hear a word?
Don't believe him
He is the banner of the tiger master in the car
If he's really capable
How can you not protect your own daughter?
You don't know that shit
If it weren't for my eldest brother, Miss Zhenzhen
It's not just that leg
He never believed me.
In his eyes
I'll always be that troublemaker
From what you've done today, isn't it?
Exactly.
I'm a punk
I, Zhang Yi and you are in danger
Forever a person from two different worlds